c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile.xnb
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile.xnb
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\TileWall.xnb
D:\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Placeholder_Player.xnb
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\spellabbet\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Spritesheet.xnb
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Spritesheet.xnb
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.exe
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\obj\x86\Debug\PlaceholderGame.pdb
C:\Users\User\PlaceHolder-Name-Game\Placeholder-Name-Game\PlaceholderGame\PlaceholderGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Skott.xnb
